Bump lodash from 4.17.15 to 4.17.19 (#2)
rc-dining-bot/telegram-bot-js: README.md

# telegram-bot

> Telegram bot server for RC Dining Bot to replace the previous dysfunctional bot which ceased to operate after

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Telegram bot server for RC Dining Bot to replace @rc_meal_bot which became dysfunctional after
```

change of data format in end of 2019.

## Requirement
* Set up PostgreSQL database locally/online

> * Configure .env file

Reviewer: Probably should commit a `.env.example` to list out the required environment variables (and their default values, if any)

Reviewer 2: as in drop some dummy data or place holder in the .env.example? Sounds like a good practice

Reviewer: It serves as a template so that those who are setting up the environment for the first time can just `cp .env.example .env` and fill in the values there (instead of going through the entire code base and look for any environment variables)

Reviewer 2: ok
